Updated documentation for AC (#2436)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: tools/accuracy_checker/accuracy_checker/adapters/README.md

# Adapters

> Adapter is a function for converting network infer output to metric specific format. Adapters may have parameters available for configuration. The adapter and its parameters, if necessary, are set through the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adapter is a class for converting raw network infer output to metric specific format. Adapters may have parameters available for configuration. The adapter and its parameters, if necessary, are set through the configuration file.
```

Author: Done
